Alright, here we go.
Setting up your account, alright?
Everyone over thinks this, it's very simple.
All you're looking to do is have clarity and trust within your branded account
on Instagram
and TikTok.
So first things first, clear logo.
Don't overcomplicate it.
Don't make it something stupid.
Just have a clear logo of what you guys are.
Next thing is, right, Cal AI is a calorie tracker, quitter, it's how you quit
porn.
Next thing we say is Cal AI has fast, simple, and accurate, right?
There's three value ads.
Our value is you quit porn in 30 days.
And then social validation.
We have over a million happy users, Cal AI is over five million happy users.
Now, if you don't have over a million happy users, you can say over 10,000
happy users.
You can use other things to show you social validation.
At the end of the day, you just want to position yourself as a authentic, real,
and trustworthy
solution to space because when someone looks at your organic content, you can
repost as
a counter, influencer content.
They're going to come to your account and be like, "Oh, wow, they're legit.
They're not just some random app."
And a lot of this time, you can supercharge this with your distributions.
You can have influencers follow your page, influencers collaborate on posts.
When it comes to collaborative posts, I would highly recommend waiting for the
influencer
to post and wait a week before you say to collaborate on it because it gets
stump engagement
if your account doesn't have enough reach.
And then I would do the same thing for TikTok.